Xiaofan
Hello
You bastard, what did you do?
I asked you to talk to Mr. Ye about cooperation.
Why Ruilong Group
Rescended all partnerships with me
How is that possible?
Ruilong Group has tens of billions of cooperation with us
You figured it out for me.
Hold
Hello, Brother Babao?
1 million help me take off the arms of a little security guard
Two Legs
Now that's no surprise.
You are always cured
Yeah and
camp
Dong also became a strategic partner with Blue Cloud Group
It was like a dream.
That's what congratulations to the lady for getting her wish
Miss, I'll give you vacation today.
I'll drive back by myself, thank you ma'am
Xiaofan
What's up?
Mr. Lu helped me a lot today
Just calling Mr. Lu shows your identity
Not called Mr. Lu
What do I call you?
How old are you?
24, I'm 26.
Two years older than you, you can call me sister
That's not appropriate.
I'm just a little security guard
And you are the president of Blue Cloud Group
Nothing out of place.
Automatically happily decided
About that 5% commission
I have paper and pen in my bag
You write me an account.
I'll transfer the money to your account in two days.
So, okay.
This change